# Augmented Reality (AR) Where App: Wayfinding App for Canadian Tire Stores

## Purpose of this AR app
This app, designed for smartphones, shows the user where a chosen item they would like to buy is exactly located within a Canadian Tire store. I prioritized easy-of-use when designing this app.

## How the app works
The user is guided through the store starting as soon as they enter the building, with a line generated by the app and overlayed on the user's reality within the AR viewport, which shows them exactly where in the store their chosen item is. 

The line uses colour to determine how close the user is to their chosen product, using their location within the store as a reference, turning blue to red as they get closer. The line terminates in an arrow pointing to where the product is on the shelf when the user arrives at the appropriate aisle. Once the user has found the item, the app also guides them through the purchase process and even integrates with a Triangle Rewards account, allowing the user to purchase the item within the app and using the self-checkout machine.

## Design principles within the app
The colour scheme for the UI elements within the AR viewport is based on Canadian Tire’s official colour scheme, a deep red with black and white accents. This introduces a layer of familiarity with Canadian Tire's existing userbase and could allow them to identify with familiar website UI elements that they already recognize. The typeface used was Segoe UI, which is a robust, sans-serif font with multiple weights, that is easy to read and designed with UX design applications in mind.